chore: `@trpc/react` -> `@trpc/react-query` (#3014)
trpc/trpc: www/docs/migration/migrate-from-v9-to-v10.mdx

### Migrate custom error formatters

You will need to move the contents of your `formatError()` into your root `t` router. See the [Error Formatting docs](error-formatting) for more.

### Renaming of @trpc/react to @trpc/react-query

> The `@trpc/react` package has been renamed to `@trpc/react-query` to better reflect the fact that it's a thin wrapper around `react-query` and to better suit the upcoming RSC as that it won't be as needed as before. If you're using `@trpc/react` you'll need to remove it and install `@trpc/react-query` instead and also update your imports:

Reviewer: As these are docs is it worth expanding what RSC is?

I'm guessing React Server Components are meant here? 
```suggestion
The `@trpc/react` package has been renamed to `@trpc/react-query` to better reflect the fact that it's a thin wrapper around `react-query` and also in anticipation of the upcoming React Server Components (RSC) release as this package won't be essential for react use going forwards. If you're using `@trpc/react` you'll need to remove it and install `@trpc/react-query` instead and also update your imports:
```

Reviewer 2: I like this phrasing more, although maybe we shouldn't jump to conclusions and straight out say `it won't be as useful` and just open up for a potential react package that isn't bound to react-query?

Reviewer 2: I do think it's a bit "hidden" away at the bottom? This is quite a "big breaking" change and should be further up imo

Reviewer: How about :

```suggestion
The `@trpc/react` package has been renamed to `@trpc/react-query`. This is to reflect it is a thin wrapper around `react-query` as well as making room for instances where trpc may be used in react without the `@trpc/react-query` package; such as in use with upcoming React Server Components (RSC's) or in use with other data fetching library adapters. If you're using `@trpc/react` you'll need to remove it and install `@trpc/react-query` instead as well as updating your imports:
```
